about-rant.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about-rant/
---

-----------------------

## Ummm... Say waht? I'm a C++ freak

While **C++** gives you unfettered control over the Performance of your Software. **C++14** gives you more control over productivity, safety and performance. I love to stay at the bleeding edge of standards and technologies, hence I'm up for most essential parts of **C++17**. While poking my head occationally into the ISO C++ standards committee documents ahead of ***C++20***.

PS: *Great job Herb Sutter and his ISO team!*

## Other languages?

Of cause. C++ wouldn't be my first and last choice for a lot of stuff. I have trained and fought wars with other Artilleries including **C**, **C#**, **Java** and **Python**.

Most recetly, I'm learning how to fight battles with **D** language. Was attracted to it by Andrei Alexandresu. :-)

## Other Skills?

*I hate being choicely. I am always excited about exploring new fields. :-)*

- I have working knowledge of concurrency and multi-threading (though I'll claim little knowledge on atomics, very feign knowledge on `std::memory_order_relaxed` and absolutely no knowledge on `std::memory_order_consume`)

- I am very comfortable with template meta programming (though I get annoyed by complicated templates)

- Nonetheless, I know some stuff on Subsea Systems Engineering in the Oil and Gas Sector; I did an Assessed Internship with Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company, Lagos in 2014. (I enjoyed it! :-) )
- I have some working knowledge of Algorithm design (and still evolving)
- I am working to improve my problem solving skills

## Interests?

- I am interested in working on Business and Performance Critical Software.
- I am interesting in optimizing production throughput.

## More Information

- I enjoy playing Piano. Currently learning classical music
- I play a bit of the guitar
- I love photography, and exploration.
- I love having a family to fall back to when its all said and done. :-)

### Contact me

[@whiztim](mailto:whiztim@outlook.com)

Commit message:

Modified CV, About and added new post

about-rant.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Some Rants
permalink: /about-rant/
---

-----------------------

## Ummm... Say waht? I'm a C++ freak

While **C++** gives you unfettered control over the Performance of your Software. **C++17** gives you more control over productivity, safety and performance. I love to stay at the bleeding edge of standards and technologies, hence I've had experience writing **C++98**, **C++03**, **C++11**, **C++14**, and **C++17** - At the same time, I regularly poke my head into the ISO C++ standards committee documents ahead of ***C++20***.

PS: *Great job Herb Sutter and his ISO team!*

## Other languages?

Of cause. C++ wouldn't be my first and last choice for a lot of stuff. I have trained and fought wars with other Artilleries including **C**, **C#**, **Java**, **JavaScript ECMA2015 (NodeJS)** and **Python**. My current job involves a dose of **Perl**.

I **Rust** and **D** are equally nice languages for my interests. Was attracted to **D** it by Andrei Alexandresu. :-)

## Other Skills?

*I hate being choicely. I am always excited about exploring new fields. :-)*

- I have working knowledge of concurrency and multi-threading (though I'll claim some knowledge on atomics, but absolutely no knowledge on `std::memory_order_consume`)

- I am very comfortable with template meta programming (though I get annoyed by complicated templates)

- Nonetheless, I know some stuff on Subsea Systems Engineering in the Oil and Gas Sector; I did an Assessed Internship with Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company, Lagos in 2014. (I enjoyed it! :-) )
- I have some working knowledge of Algorithm design (and still evolving)
- I am working to improve my problem solving skills

## Interests?

- I am interested in working on Business and Performance Critical Software.
- I am interesting in optimizing production throughput.

## More Information

- I enjoy playing Piano. Currently learning classical music
- I play a bit of the guitar
- I love photography, and exploration.
- I love having a family to fall back to when its all said and done. :-)

### Contact me

[@whiztim](mailto:whiztim@outlook.com)
